listen we have a lot of play
next year's warmth we intend to
power and wife's view here today
pass full-scale
constructions in communal
infrastructure to build housing for
state employees are being built new
health education facilities with
considering age is possible due to
expresses its complex plan
country governments to solve problems
social economic
Hiroshima City Development
but it only agree have become
social sphere to the second stage of accomplices
over forty three billion tenge was
allocated in 2009 for the development of science
this money will solve problems
which accumulated
for decades
the work is central
boiler room is being upgraded
equipment and boiler replacement
worker rush to time to the beginning
heating season last year was
started overhaul and
reconstruction of heat and water supply networks
on mentioned at 43 percent
fuel gas in europe
saved on the skin eye
police convoy
replacement of the heating main
understanding refers to temporary
the inconvenience of energy from
urban economy is reflected in
utility costs
old-timers of the city 70 rubles to 1 sadlaev
proud of the changes in the city
she limbo 5
stock
but
there she will note that the attack on the role sites
whose bank balance amounted to
railway asphalt and cool or
everything
to tokyo places i am happy and pleased
instead of code roads rail this
year end of the year with natasha end
railway construction day
state border with Turkmenistan with
impatiently waiting in the city akimat
in this highway are local authorities
high hopes in the first
the turn is the creation of a special
economic zone of the Caspian and transformation
oil industry cities
major transportation and logistics center
tula will be with her
foreign investment
Russia is equally acceptable
gulf countries
in mice
many questions
but we ask talent turn it
may be
how to reduce food prices
products
on the construction of large objects
work mainly
local workers
wife is not shrinking
unemployment if in 2009 its level
Ursul accounted for three tenths of a percent but
it has now decreased to nine
tenths percent rishar gaske power
housing problem for budget workers
spheres
meant in area 64
but really lacked the power to try
22 already attracted
Well, as young professionals and st
experienced
second number 8 disorder
third humanitarian
civil servants were huge finished
never thought
question medical card moscow
fully account
qualified doctors will need
for work in the maternity hospital
calm the construction
which is already ending
next to new houses a kindergarten is being built
old neighborhoods are being improved
they are being landscaped by citizens with optimism
looks to the future believes that today
she is experiencing a rebirth
Denis Onishchenko Irina Odesa Khabar truck
from the city of Zhanaozen Mangistau
region